Fix: Update the example project to RN 0.60 (#507)
yorkie/react-native-wechat: Example/README.md

# Example for react-native-wechat

> Make sure you have the development environment set up with this [Tutorial](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started) at first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have the development environment set up with this [tutorial](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started) at first.
```

首先确保已经按[教程](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started)配置好 React Native 本地开发环境。

## How to run

```
$ git clone this repo
$ cd example
$ yarn install or npm install
```

> Ensure emulator is ready or mobile device is connected to your machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure emulator is ready or a mobile device is connected from your host:
```

运行前先开启模拟器或连接真机调试。

```
$ npm run start or react-native start --reset-cache
```

iOS:

```
$ cd ios && pod install
```

> Add the following libraries to your "Link Binary with Libraries" in Targets > Build Phases in Xcode :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following libraries to your "Link Binary with Libraries" in Targets > Build Phases in Xcode:
```

点击 Xcode 左侧 Targets > Build Phases 中的 Link Binary with Libraries 选项添加以下库：

- [x] `SystemConfiguration.framework`
- [x] `CoreTelephony.framework`
- [x] `libsqlite3.0`
- [x] `libc++`
- [x] `libz`

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

$ react-native run-ios
```

Android:

> ```

Reviewer: 同上

Author: @yorkie fix, 已修改。
